KIEV-- The European Union warned Ukraine on Thursday time was running out to revive
 shelved deals on free trade and political association by meeting the bloc's concerns
 over the jailing of opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko and bringing in reforms .
enter
 A senior EU official also made it clear the agreements would fall through if Ukraine
 joined the Russia-led post-Soviet Customs Union trade bloc . We have a window of opportunity .
 But time is short Stefan Fuele , the European Commissioner for Enlargement and European
 Neighbourhood Policy , said on a visit to Ukraine . Brussels put off signing the landmark
 agreements after a Ukrainian court jailed former prime minister Tymoshenko , President Viktor
 Yanukovich's main opponent , on an abuse-of-office charge in October 2011 .
enter
 The EU says the Tymoshenko case and those of other prosecuted opposition politicians
 are examples of selective justice and are a barrier to Ukraine's ambition of European
 integration .
enter
 Two other issues raised by the bloc are related to the electoral system , which came
 under fire from Western observers following the parliamentary election in October ,
 and legal reforms needed to bring Ukraine closer to EU standards .
enter
 " The European Union is committed to signing the association agreement provided
 there is determined action and tangible progress on the three key issues : selective
 justice , addressing the short comings of the October election and advancing the
 association agenda reforms , Fuele told reporters . " After several recent setbacks in
 Ukraine there is a need to regain confidence that Ukraine could emerge as a modern
 European country . Fuele, whose visit may set the tone of a Feb . 25 EU-Ukraine summit , said the two
 agreements could be signed at the EU's Eastern Partnership summit in November if
 the former Soviet republic met the bloc's conditions .
enter
 But he warned the Kiev government that joining a customs union with Russia ,
 aggressively promoted by Moscow, would ruin those prospects .
 " Joining any structure which would imply transferring the ability to set tariffs
 and define its trade policy to a supranational body would mean that Ukraine would no longer be
 able to implement the tariffdismantling agreed with the European Union in the context
 of the DCFTA [ Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement ] , Fuele said in a speech at the Ukrainian parliament .
